# Prompt Battle

Welcome to Prompt Battle, an innovative project that combines user registration, image generation, submission, polls, leaderboard, and audio messaging features. This README provides an overview of the project and guides you through the key functionalities.

## Getting Started

To get started with Prompt Battle, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine.

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/prompt-battle.git

2.Navigate to the project directory.

    cd prompt-battle
3.Install dependencies.
  ```
    npm install
```
## Features
1. User Registration:
Register new users with a simple JSON payload.
Use the User_Register endpoint for user registration.

2. User Login:
Log in with registered credentials and receive an access token.
Utilize the User_Login endpoint for user login.

3. Image Generation:
Generate images and receive URLs for the created images.
Use the Image_Generation endpoint for image generation.

4. Image Submission:
Submit generated images to the system.
Utilize the Image_Submit endpoint for image submission.
5. Get Images
Retrieve the images generated by the user.
Use the Get_Images endpoint for fetching user-generated images.
6. Poll Vote
Participate in polls using the Poll_Vote endpoint.
Submit a POST request to cast your vote.

7. Leaderboard:
View real-time rankings based on user activity.
Utilize the Get_Leaderboard endpoint for fetching leaderboard data.


For a detailed explanation of the project, check out the [Video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Or3VDGhcz7a2YkTX9MRnn3fISbIG6XhP/view?usp=sharing).
